kdesrc-build: update page (#12290)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/kdesrc-build.md

- Build all configured components:

`kdesrc-build`

> - Use system libraries in its place if a component fails to build:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use system libraries in place of a component if it fails to build:
```
